Add stdlib build and release guide (#3073)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library: docs/build-and-release-guide.md

2. Language team needs to defend their decision for any breaking change as essential for the said update. Verify this from the lang team. 
3. Migrate to the latest language version using the timestamp version,
4. Cut branch for lower lang dependency(2201.2.x)
5. Migrate code to the latest language dependency.
6. Change the distribution in Ballerina.toml
7. Bump to the next minor version.
8. Let SMs know of the change so that this can be coordinated with the team. All dependent modules need to follow step 3-8 recursively.

### Release Process

### Single module release

With the current design of Central, any stand library can be released at any time if the module owner and the lead deems it necessary. Module owner need not wait and synchronize with distribution release dates.

The release of each modules are done through [Publish Github Workflow](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http/actions/workflows/publish-release.yml).

Checklist for the release,
1. All unit test, integration tests are passing
2. The module does NOT include any components with an identified Security Vulnerability.
3. Publish artifact to the Central Staging Environment

> 4. Run workflow to verify newly published module is working properly in an integrartion scenario. (This is to ensure any stadard library release will not break the existing users build)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run workflow to verify newly published module is working properly in an integration scenario. (This is to ensure any standard library release will not break the existing users build)
```

5. Run the release workflow 
6. Update module version in Ballerina Distribution

### Multiple module release

With the Essential Changes from the Language Team. Many of the libraries may need to be released along with Ballerina Swan Lake Update releases. 

> The release of multiple modules can be done through [Stdlib Release Workflow](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/actions/workflows/release_pipeline.yml). This will release modules from the [list](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/blob/main/dashboard/resources/stdlib_modules.json#L1). This can be ovveridden by using release property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The release of multiple modules can be done through [Stdlib Release Workflow](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/actions/workflows/release_pipeline.yml). This will release modules from the [list](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/blob/main/dashboard/resources/stdlib_modules.json#L1). This can be overridden by using release property.
```

Author: Fixed in [0f8fa7c](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/pull/3073/commits/0f8fa7cc44a392d0d0e1aacd5554f039595076f0)
